Emergence:
    The beginning of a new activity is always exciting. It was for me when I first touched the piano, but that quickly changed as I took a few lessons from "Vivaldi Academy". It made me think of exhasting hours of practice, lessons and scoldings. I didn't nearly understand much about life as I do now.
    The more I think about it, the more I wish that I tried harder. I wished I enjoyed it a little more back then. On the bright side, I met the teacher that I stayed with for the next 8 years. His name was Mr. John, or John Amar.
Brute Force:
    Around the age of 9, Piano was like school; it was hard, long practice, every day. I didn't understand why my parents chose for me to play piano. I was young at the time, 30 minutes of practice felt like hours. I didn't understand the importance of practice. I didn't understand the importance of repetition.
Golden Hour:
    On my 12th birthday, the year of the tiger, I recived a very special gift from my uncle & dad. It is the "Akai MPK mini 3" midi controller. Basically a mini electric piano. It was my favorite and I used it every day for the next 3 months. 
    I was in the front seat riding to school with my dad and I suddenly had to ask, "Why do many parents choose for their kids to play instuments?" He said, "Well, playing an insturent is scientifically supposed to help you with math. That is why many asian parents make their kids play piano or violin." On the other hand, I chose to persue music.
Inspiration
    The song that inspired me to persue music was Rachmaninoff's Piano Concerto no.2 movement 2. Other notable songs include Sibelius: Violin Concerto in D minor, Op. 47: I. Allegro moderato and Pavane pour une infante deftune, M. 19.
Dreams
    In the near future, I want to further accelerate my musical career. Perhaps take on some engineering jobs in music such as sound engineer or stage architecture. I also want to perform solo or concerto, compose video game music, and direct symphony orchestras. On May 3rd, I will have my first solo concert, lasting about 30-40 minutes with 8 pieces. Details will be given on request.
Credits
    First and foremost, I want to recognize my parents for supporting my music thoughout the 8+ years and for funding some of the programs that I have pursued such as the string quartet and this upcoming solo recital.
    Second, I want to thank my friends yuhan, gary, and shawn who have helped me form this preprofessional string quartet, every practice brings me joy.
    Last but not least, I would like to thank my teachers:
        Mr. John who has taught me everything I know about music theory and piano,
        Ms. Jang who has taught me violin and helped me transition to viola,
        and Mr. Tommy, another piano teacher who taught me jazz piano for 3 years.
ARC 
    (this is not a sponsored ad, but it is an ad) ARC is an amazing browsing tool that allows you to summarize the web with sources and finds more relevant information. It also is what inspired me to create this website. It is a combination of asthetics and useability that fuels productivity of its user.





